Add precedence rules for sampling (#25496)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/trace_pipeline/ingestion_controls.md

4. Apply the appropriate configuration generated from these choices to the indicated service and redeploy the service. **Note**: The service name value is case sensitive. It should match the case of your service name.
5. Confirm on the Ingestion Control Page that your new percentage has been applied by looking at the Traffic Breakdown column, which surfaces the sampling rate applied. The ingestion reason for the service is shown as `ingestion_reason:rule`.

### Sampling precedence rules

> If sampling rules are set in multiple locations, the following precedence rule apply in order, where rules that appear first on the list can override lower precedence rules:

Reviewer: nit: plural "rules"?

> If sampling rules are set in multiple different locations, the following precedence rule apply in order, where rules that appear first on the list can override lower precedence rules:

Author: ```suggestion
If sampling rules are set in multiple locations, the following precedence rule apply in order, where rules that appear first on the list can override lower precedence rules:
```

> 1. Remotely configured sampling rules, either set through the [Agent](#managing-ingestion-for-all-services-at-the-agent-level) or [resource-based sampling][16]

Reviewer: this should not be here.

Author: Happy to move it - where should it go?

Reviewer: I mean remote configured sampling rules are only set through the "Resource-based Sampling" product. The agent managed ingestion does not change that.

Author: Gotcha - just updated

> 1. [Adaptive sampling][17]

Reviewer: nit: "Adaptive sampling configured rules"

1. [Locally configured sampling rules][8] (`DD_TRACE_SAMPLING_RULES`)
1. [Remotely configured global sampling rate][8]

> 1. [Locally configured global sampling rate][8] (`DD_TRACE_SAMPLE_RATE`)

Author: Yes, the section in the other page is fairly overloaded without intermediate sections to break it up

1. [Rates from the trace agent controlled indirectly via Agent settings][18] remotely or locally, like `DD_APM_TARGET_TPS` and `DD_APM_MAX_TPS`
1. In the absence of any sampling rates, the default is 100%, meaning keep all traces

> In simpler terms, we follow the following precedence rules

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To phrase it another way, Datadog uses the following precedence rules:
```
